Fix store-video props descriptions (#301)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/vtex-io/Store-Framework-Apps/advanced-components/vtex-store-video.md

| `description`    | `string`             | Video description for SEO and accessibility.                                                                                                                                                           | `undefined`       |
| `src`            | `string`             | Video URL. It can be a `youtube` URL, `vimeo` URL or a self-hosted video URL.                                                                                                                          | `undefined`       |
| `type`           | `string`             | Video type.                                                                                                                                                                                            | `undefined`       |
| `poster`         | `string`             | Cover image URL to be displayed before the video playback. This is only available on the HTML5 player.                                                                                                 | `undefined`       |

> | `controlsType`   | `enum`               | The type of controls. It can be `custom-vtex` (only works if the video URL represents a HTML5 player), `native` or `none`.                                                                             | `undefined`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `controlsType`   | `enum`               | Video control options. It can be `custom-vtex` (only works if the video URL represents an HTML5 player), `native` or `none`.                                                                             | `undefined`       |
```

> | `autoPlay`       | `boolean`            | Whether the video will start automatically after loading (`true`) or not (`false`). Note that if the value is `true`, the `muted` property will mandatorily be set to `true`.                            | `false`           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `autoPlay`       | `boolean`            | Whether the video will start automatically after loading (`true`) or not (`false`). Note that if the value is `true`, the `muted` property will also be set to `true`.                            | `false`           |
```

Author: @carolinamenezes Depois de conversar com a Carol Canelas ([thread](https://vtex.slack.com/archives/C01664JGV43/p1678879176179289)), eu fiz a substituição de `automatically` para `mandatorily` com a intenção de que, se o `autoPlay` for `true`, o dev não pode escolher o valor da prop `muted`. Eu fico na dúvida se usar só `also` também transmite essa mensagem ou se seria melhor reformular essa frase.

Author: ```suggestion
| `autoPlay`       | `boolean`            | Whether the video will start automatically after loading (`true`) or not (`false`). Note that if the value is `true`, the `muted` property will also be set as `true` and cannot be changed.             | `false`           |
```

> | `muted`          | `boolean`            | Whether the video will start with the audio on (`false`) or not (`true`).                                                                                                                              | `false`           |

Author: ```suggestion
| `muted`          | `boolean`            | Whether the video will start with the audio on (`false`) or not (`true`). This prop can only be `false` if the `autoPlay` prop is set to `false`.                                                                                                                             | `false`           |
```

| `loop`           | `boolean`            | Whether the video will run in a loop (`true`) or not (`false`).                                                                                                                                        | `false`           |
| `playsInline`    | `boolean`            | Whether the video will play inline (`true`) or not (`false`).                                                                                                                                          | `false`           |

> | `width`          | `number` or `string` | The width of the video exhibition area. It could be as % (`string`) or pixels (`number`).                                                                                                              | `undefined`       |
> | `height`         | `number` or `string` | The height of the video exhibition area. It could be as % (`string`) or pixels (`number`).                                                                                                             | `undefined`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `width`          | `number` or `string` | Width of the video exhibition area. It could be as % (`string`) or pixels (`number`).                                                                                                              | `undefined`       |
| `height`         | `number` or `string` | Height of the video exhibition area. It could be as % (`string`) or pixels (`number`).                                                                                                             | `undefined`       |
```
